The Story

The three members of MOTU grew up in
Frederick, Maryland. Each member, coming from very different musical
backgrounds, had no idea that they would come together after graduating
from college and would form one of the most flexible bands in
Frederick. Why the name Masters of the Universe? At first thought, you
may think that they're narcissistic egomaniacs. Quite frankly, they are
and it comes through in their music. MOTU's main goal is to rock any
venue, whether it be the smokey, gritty bar scene to the lavish
acoustical coffee houses. They pride themselves with their original
compositions, but they also put a lot of work in picking their covers.
MOTU enjoys playing classic hits such as Jimi Hendrix to awesome
eighties anthems such as Fine Young Cannonballs [sic].

Drums - Kelly Mills

Kelly has been hitting the skins since middle school, when he fell in love
with jazz greats such as Billy Cobham, Buddy Rich, and Max Roach.  Rock
lessons through high school and jazz lessons in college set him up to fall
in love with funk and it's faster, jazzier cousin, fusion.  A few of his
eclectic musical influences are Mike Clark (Headhunters), Herbie Hancock,
George Benson, Stevie Wonder, Paul Chambers, George Gershwin,  Steely Dan,
The Talking Heads, Radiohead, Beck, George Clinton and Parliament
Funkadelic, The Rza, the Pixies, and the Beatles.  His favorite producers
are Teo Macero, Rick Rubin, Nigel Godrich, Dan the Automator, Amon Tobin,
and DJ shadow. 

Guitar/Bass/Keys - Bing Kung

Bing Kung does not have a lot of facial hair. He shaves about once every two
weeks. Instead of growing stubble, his face grows whiskers. When the
whiskers get long enough, he will pluck and tune them to the right
frequencies and use them on his guitar. You can hear these magical
whiskers used in various songs in the msusic section of the website.

Bing "Thunderball" Kung (aka Buddha Boy Sinatra) started his musical career when he was 7 years old, 
		when he was forced to learn classical piano and theory.  After kicking Mozart and Chopin to the curb after 8 years 
		(with much respect), he decided to electrify his musical interests with influences stemming from Jimi Hendrix to Eric 
		Clapton on the guitar.  After playing guitar for various bands throughout high school and college (at the University of 
		Maryland in College Park), jazz, soul, and funk became the driving force in his musical repetoire. Main influences include 
		G-love and Special Sauce, Prince, Outkast, Radiohead, any Motown artists, Norah Jones, Rachmaninoff, and his goddess Lauryn
		 Hill.  Thunderball's weapons of choice are his Strat Plus, Korg Triton Keyboard, and Musicman Bass.  Bing resides in Rockville, 
		 Maryland with his daytime gig as an Electrical Engineer.

Vocals/Guitar/Bass - Aidan Ryan

Aidan learned John Prine and The Band songs from his dad
growing up. He played in coffee houses around his college town of
Baltimore, honing a raw delivery and obscure lyrical bent. When not
teaching Tech Ed in 7th grade he can be found listening to Bob Dylan,
Warren Zevon, Neil Young, and Yo La Tengo.